10,10E,Tenth Edition
ar,ARB,Alara Reborn
cf,CFX,Conflux
sa,ALA,Shards of Alara
et,EVE,Eventide
sm,SHM,Shadowmoor
mt,MOR,Morningtide
lo,LRW,Lorwyn
9th,9E,Ninth Edition
8th,8E,Eighth Edition
fs,FUT,Future Sight
pc,PLC,Planar Chaos
ts,TSP,Time Spiral
cs,CS,Coldsnap
di,DIS,Dissension
gp,GP,Guildpact
ra,RAV,Ravnica
sk,SOK,Saviors of Kamigawa
bk,BOK,Betrayers of Kamigawa
ck,CHK,Champions of Kamigawa
fd,FD,Fifth Dawn
ds,DS,Darksteel
mr,MR,Mirrodin
sc,SC,Scourge
le,LE,Legions
on,ON,Onslaught
7th,7E,Seventh Edition
6th,6E,Sixth Edition
5th,5E,Fifth Edition
4th,4E,Fourth Edition
rv,R,Revised Edition
lu,U,Unlimited Edition
lu,B,Limited Edition
ju,JU,Judgment
to,TO,Torment
od,OD,Odyssey
ap,AP,Apocalypse
ps,PS,Planeshift
in,IN,Invasion
py,PY,Prophecy
ne,NE,Nemesis
mm,MM,Mercadian Masques
ud,UD,Urza's Destiny
ul,UL,Urza's Legacy
us,US,Urza's Saga
ex,EX,Exodus
sh,SH,Stronghold
te,TE,Tempest
wl,WL,Weatherlight
vi,VI,Visions
mi,MI,Mirage
al,AL,Alliances
hl,HL,Homelands
ia,IA,Ice Age
ch,CH,Chronicles
fe,FE,Fallen Empires
dk,DK,The Dark
lg,LG,Legends
aq,AQ,Antiquities
an,AN,Arabian Nights
pt,PT,Portal
pt2,P2,Portal: Second Age
pt3,P3,Portal: Three Kingdoms
st,ST,Starter
st2,ST2K,Starter 2000
ug,UG,Unglued
uh,UNH,Unhinged
